you're taken into a dark
cave your mission is to escape without
getting caught
four different colored doors appear in
front of you a red one leads to an outer
galaxy without a trace of oxygen
a yellow door leads you to a great white
shark infested water tank
a blue one leads to 66 million years ago
the time when a massive asteroid hit the
earth and made
dinosaurs go extinct and a purple door
leads to a beautiful
island filled with beaches and delicious
food
on the wall there's only one clue it
reads
pick the door that's not a primary color
you've got 10 seconds to open the right
door
[Music]
it's the purple door red yellow and blue
are all primary colors
while purple is secondary plus don't
forget there's beaches and delicious
food
you've managed to escape and now you're
transported to the beautiful island
you find a citizen in need he tells you
his brother had been taken by an evil
mathematician
and the only way to escape is to solve
his riddle
you rush to the scene and arrive at
precisely 3 pm
there the mathematician greets you with
an angry look
and a tricky riddle if you calculate the
height of my tower
you and my prisoner are free to go if
you fail
you'll stay here forever i offer you
three calculation methods to choose from
multiple long sticks your shadow
or the long rope hanging from the tower
i give you
nine seconds
[Music]
without even knowing the measurements of
the sticks or the length of the rope
even if they're the same height as the
tower you'd still not know the actual
size of the building
the best option is your shadow knowing
your height
you can compare how many times your
shadow fits into the tower shadow
add them together and you've just found
the right answer
[Music]
now that you're safe and sound you go to
your hotel to get some rest
that's when the restaurant manager calls
you for help
he left the dinner service and his staff
members said everything was quiet
so they closed up early before shutting
down the restaurant
the manager asked them to send him a
photo of the deserted restaurant
this is the photo i received everything
seems empty and it appears my staff
members are
truthful but something seems off can you
help me figure it out
you've got eight seconds
[Music]
it appears the image was photoshopped
the employees removed the people from
the picture
but they forgot to erase someone's hand
from the table
right before walking upstairs to your
room
the hr manager calls you into her office
she needs help with the job applications
she received for the receptionist
position
she's looking for someone who is
multilingual and narrowed it down to
three
applicants but only one person is
telling the truth
sarah is from belgium and she speaks
dutch
louise is from switzerland and she
speaks swedish
marie is from monte carlo and speaks
italian
you've got seven seconds to figure out
who is truthful
it's sarah in belgium they do speak
dutch
french and german in switzerland they
mainly speak
german and in monte carlo french
time to go to your room and get some
rest but
uh oh the elevator you entered is a trap
it takes you to the hotel's basement
where three doors appear in front of you
the first door takes you to the amazon
rainforest with green anacondas
electric eels and poison dart frogs
the second takes you to the antarctic
circumpolar current
the largest and most potent current
globally
the third takes you to the top of mauna
kea in hawaii
it's the tallest mountain and largest
volcano in the world that goes below
sea level only one of them takes you to
a safe place
which one you've got six seconds
[Music]
pick the third door mauna kea is a
dormant volcano
and it stopped erupting hundreds of
thousands of years ago
so you're safe
[Music]
you've made it out of the shady cave and
you need to go to your room
as soon as you enter the lights go off
and you hear
bars lowering to the floor and huge
chains shaking
you use your arms to navigate around and
come across
dots on the wooden floor you run your
fingers through them
it's braille and it reads one of the
three magic mushrooms on this table will
help you leave this place
pick wisely otherwise you'll be stuck
in this dark room forever the mushrooms
on the left will make you super strong
and provides healing powers the one in
the middle will bring
the electricity back and you'll be able
to see
the one on the right will make you small
and invisible
you've got five seconds to pick the
right mushroom
turning the lights on won't free you and
becoming invisible doesn't mean you
won't bump into walls
the best option is the strength and
healing mushroom
you can bang on the walls and bars until
you break them
[Music]
the next day rolls around you head into
the parking lot to pick up your car
but the car seems to be locked there's a
three-digit pin code lock on the
passenger side door
on the side of the device you read a
clue
abc equals one two three
on the ground there's a piece of paper
that reads bad
use the clue to find pin code numbers
here are your four seconds
the code is two one four b
is the second letter a is the first and
d is the fourth
now that you've got your car time to do
some shopping at the mall
you visit a jewelry shop you discover it
has a mysterious extension leading to a
room filled with gold coins
diamonds and other expensive metals
as soon as the owner spots you he traps
you in the room and locks the door
nice shop he tells you there's only one
way to survive in that dark chamber
you must eat one muffin if you eat the
wrong one
you won't make it but if you pick the
right one
you'll be free to go the first muffin
turns you into moss
the second one turns you into a badger
the third muffin will turn you into a
snake
three seconds
[Music]
moss can't survive without the sun for
long and snakes need the sun to regulate
their body's temperature
the correct answer is the muffin that
turns you into a badger
these creatures spend long periods in
the dark
the mayor of the town calls you into his
office he politely ignores the fact that
you're now a badger
he says that something mysterious is
going on inside one of the town's
restaurants
everyone has turned into a zombie only
one human is left in the bar
and you must save them but first you
have to identify them
you're shown a photo with three people
only one of them is human
you've got three seconds
[Music]
it's the lady on the right it looks like
the red spot on her shirt came from her
hot dog
the lady on the left is missing part of
her ear
[Music]
now the mayor takes you to the local
school the principal needs to decide
which of the students deserves to go to
space camp next summer
she picked all the students that got a's
on their report cards and gave each of
them
a bean she said the person who will
return with the tallest bean plant will
win the prize
but you can't cheat all kids came back
with large plant pots
and bean plants filled with smaller
beans
only one girl returned with a plant pot
filled with soil
as soon as the principal saw her pot he
gave her the prize
why here are your three seconds
[Music]
the teacher gave them cold cooked beans
they couldn't have sprouted
unless the students cheated and these
guys all got a's huh
makes you wonder the mayor takes you
with him on an
investigation a man named martin had
finished his veggie garden
and invited his friends over for a party
then
his wife vanished he called detectives
and there are three suspects in front of
you steve said he was looking at the
cherry tomatoes and picked one to try it
donna said she was checking out the
little squashes that had started growing
martin said he was taking professional
pictures of the flowers for his blood
you've got two seconds to determine
who's lying
it's martin this was a veggie garden it
didn't have any flowers
time for your last test you're walking
into an underground
tomb you must retrieve the treasure and
make it out alive
as you walk deeper and deeper into the
tomb you come across
a mysterious creature he says you must
correctly
answer my riddle if you do the treasure
is yours
if you don't you'll disappear forever
i'm not alive but i can grow i don't
have lungs but i need air to breathe
if water touches me i cease to exist
what am i two seconds
the answer is fire